update changes.md for Fixing issue #10925 (#558)
apache/skywalking-java: CHANGES.md

* Support Jetty 11.x plugin
* Fix the scenario of using the HBase plugin with spring-data-hadoop.
* Add RocketMQ 5.x plugin

> * Fix the issue of apm-jdk-threadpool-plugin does not work in certain scenarios.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix the conflict between the logging kernel and the JDK threadpool plugin.
```
